Marketing Services

Gatien Salaun
https://gatiensalaun.com/


be creative with the imagery, elements, and organization of the website, this is how we will grade your work. 

The Benefits of Working with a Luxury Presence Agent

Why you should hire an agent who has partnered with a luxury real estate marketing company.
One of the biggest perks of working with a real estate agent is their ability to market your property to the right target audience. A professional agent with the right experience will be able to identify who will be interested in your property and implement effective strategies to reach them via their website, paid advertising, social media, and other means. When you work with an agent who has partnered with Luxury Presence, you benefit from the many different types of marketing capabilities the company offers. Here is how:
Paid Advertising on All Channels
To reach your potential buyers, you have to know who they are, where they spend their time online, and how they make their buying decisions. Agents who use luxury real estate marketing services are able to identify your niche market, then create paid ads on Facebook, Google, Instagram, and YouTube that reach those interested in your property. These paid ad campaigns are highly customized and targeted, ensuring you are not spending money marketing to those who are not in the market for a property such as yours.
Expert Content Production
Content is one of the most powerful resources a real estate agent has to promote your property. Being able to create high-quality content such as video and copywriting is an essential tool that elevates the agents who use luxury real estate marketing services above their competitors. According to a recent survey, 85 percent of buyers and sellers want to work with an agent who uses video—and for good reason. An agent who uses video is able to connect with potential buyers on a deeper level and build trust and rapport. When they use video to market your property, they are showing viewers what it would really be like to walk through and live in your home—something that is much more difficult to do with a written description.
However, written descriptions—or copywriting—is also important. Your property needs to be described in appealing and vibrant terms on the listing and on any additional marketing that is created to sell it. Those agents who work with Luxury Presence get access to experienced real estate copywriters who create blogs, website copy, and content marketing pieces that make your property attractive to potential buyers.
Effective Search Engine Optimization
Recent research has shown that 44% of buyers found the home they purchased on the internet. Many of them simply googled the search terms that they wanted in a new home and started their search that way. For your home to show up in these types of searches, your real estate agent needs to use the right terms in your online marketing. The effective use of these terms is referred to as search engine optimization or SEO. The process of identifying and correctly using the right terms is a bit of a science—one that the SEO experts at Luxury Presence have mastered. When a potential buyer searches terms that match your home, your property will show up in the results and provide opportunities for the buyer to learn more.
Social Media Marketing
If your real estate agent is an influencer on social media, he or she has access to thousands of niche buyers who are ready to invest in property. To be an influencer, an agent either needs to dedicate a large chunk of their time to social media or they need to partner with luxury real estate marketing service providers who can put in the work for them. Wouldn’t you rather your agent spent his or her time marketing your property and let an expert handle their social media presence? At Luxury Presence, our dedicated success team utilizes an agent’s stories and feed posts to help them go viral and become an authority in their industry. Once they’ve harnessed the power of becoming an influencer, they can use their voice to advocate for your home and sell it more quickly than their competitors.
